I was born in Beeville, Texas, February the 18th,
1913. Yes, sir. Could you tell us a little bit about
your early life in Beeville, possibly a little bit
about your father and mother, their names? My
father was Frederick William Heldenfels. He was
an A&M graduate of 1909. My mother was Alice Cullen
from Austin.
I went into B-Ville and did my school in B-Ville. I
actually started in Rockport in 1919. Eric had
discharged the school in Rockport, so I moved back
to B-Ville and did all of my elementary and high
school education in B-Ville. When did you
graduate from high school? I graduated from high
school in 1931. And then you went to A&M in 1931? I
went to A&M in September 1931. Why did you go to A&M?
What was your reason for going? Well, I guess you
might say I was from an A&M family. My father was
with A&M. His brothers were at A&M. My mother's
brothers went to A&M. I had an older brother at A&M.
and I actually gave no other schooling
consideration. I see. What line of business was
your father in? My father at that time was in
construction business. So he had an engineering
degree from 8 to 9? No, he was a graduate architect
student in the lumber business, had a lumber yard
and an architect. World War I, you got a contract to
build ships for the government. They moved to
Rockport and opened up the shipyard. And after the
war, the government at that time were not able to
pay off all the debts to the shipyards, so they gave
the contractors all of the supplies the materials
that were left and the property and so forth as part
payment. And from that, he went into the
construction business and marine construction
to start. In Rockport. Rockport. I see. So then,
could you tell us a little bit about your first
impressions of the A&M campus when you started as a
freshman? Well, of course when I started
freshman, my first assignment was in the tents. I
lived in tents that they had at that time between
the
railroad station up, I believe it's Puryear Law
Hall, and then they had the tents. And my first
semester I was in tents, and then from there I moved
into the new odometry building at that time at
Walton Hall. Could you tell us a little bit about
your life in the tents? Well, they're a little bit
hard to remember. Of course, we got out of them
before there was really any cold weather. I can't
remember whether we carried wood or coal. I think
it was coal that we burned in our stove. How many men
to attend? Four, if I recall correctly. Do you
remember anything about the furnishings, what
they furnished the tents with? No, outside just
the cotton and so with those days we had wardrobe
trunks. We kept our clothes in wardrobe trunks. I
see. Were there wooden floors in the tents? Yes.
Any sides to them, wooden sides possibly? I
believe the sides were about two and a half, three
feet. I see. There's some old pictures of them and I
just don't really recall. Yes sir, we have some.
Could you tell us what you remember about your
freshman year? No, not really too much. I remember
when I first went there, I got into, I ran into a
hometown
person who was, they were starting a Coastal
Artillery at that time, and he'd been transferred
in to start the new Corps, the Coastal Artillery,
He asked me to join the Co-Star Tailoring, and for
that reason I got into the Co-Star Tailoring. Were
the upperclassmen very hard on you? No, of course
they had their hazing, but I think I enjoyed it more
than I regretted
it. The military, the discipline of the military,
the cadet corps I think probably did as much good
for me as my whole education at A&M. And what did you
start out, what was your major? I started out due to
the fact that my father was an architect. I started
out as an architect, but then I, after the first
year, I changed to finance. And the reason I
changed to finance at that time, my father became
the owner of a bank.
In fact, Dr. Langford was my first professor up
there in architecture.
Did you then go ahead and finish out in finance? I
finished out in finance, but I've never been into
construction. I worked in construction every
summer, all through school, and from the day I got
to college, I went into the construction field.
Could you possibly tell us about some of your more
memorable experiences while you were at A&M? good
classes that you had, events that happened there
that kicked off? Well, I think that one of the
professors that impressed me most was Dr.
Crawford, mechanical engineer.
I really don't remember the instance that
occurred, but for some reason he made an
impression on me, and I've remembered him all the
time since then, because he taught me. in the old
slide room, I forget what we called it then, the
mechanical engineering slide room. Professor
Charles Denver Crawford is still living and is in
good health. He's quite a fine old gentleman.
Can you remember what social life went on there?
Well, there wasn't actually any much of what you
might call social life. You had to either catch a
bus or a train into Brown. It did have a motion
picture. I forget whether it was one day or two days
or nights a week. I don't really recall. Do you
remember where they held it? It had a building
there in the general vicinity where the All Faiths
Chapel is now. They had a theater there. Could it
possibly have been called Assembly Hall? I
believe it was just a movie theater. I believe
that's what it was for. I see. It was a building in
that vicinity. And of course you all had the
football games to go to. We had football games and
we had a, I still remember, I believe it was Casey's
that had a place in the old YMCA. It was kind of a drug
store or a kind of gathering point there. That was,
see when he was there the whole, the enrollment was
around 2,500.
I believe in my class there were 527 or something
like that that was started out that year. Do you
remember any of your fellow students? Oh, very
definitely. In fact, my roommate, I roomed with
the same person for four years, and unfortunately
about six months ago he died, but I was associated
with him ever since I was out of school. What was his
name? Harold T. Bailey. Mike Dillingham was
another close friend of mine in school. I still see
him occasionally. and I was on the Corps staff at
that time. We only had the one staff at the Corps. I
happened to be senior year. I was on the Corps staff
and most of the other people, persons on the staff
went into professional either military or the
Navy, Marine Corps, and in fact there's quite a few
of the boys that are my classmates who went into the
Army or the Navy upon graduation to the Air Force.
Now this was during the Depression. Can you
remember how the Depression affected student
life or affected Well, no. I do remember that most
of the boys were real happy that they had a job offer
in the $100 a month range when they got out. It was
about what I think $100 to $125 a month was about
what we were getting. I see. Well, I was just
curious to know if it made life on the campus a
little tighter, if it was a little bit less for
everybody? Well,
I really don't remember. Of course, there wasn't
much when you went there. You paid your tuition,
your books, and you really had not much to do away
from it. Most of the boys stayed on the campus
weekend. They didn't leave weekend, and that
probably was maybe from depression or modes of
travel, you might say, and of course at those times
you were An automobile on the campus was against
the rules. Some boys had them and kept them in
brown, but there weren't many automobiles.
I have heard, do you remember any times when you
might have seen hobos and bums riding railroad
through and stopping off at the school, possibly?
No, I don't. Some that I've heard stories, some of
the boys used to catch trains and ride. I never did.
I always bought my ticket and didn't ride that way.
Did you ever have any major problems during your
student days that you were able to? I don't recall
any major problems that I had. What other
professors besides Crawford? Do you remember any
others? Yes, I remember the librarian. I believe
Dr. Mayo at that time. I remember him, and I
remembered Dr. Morgan, who was a math teacher I
played. I remember, of course, I remember Dr.
Francis that was in the animal husbandry.
Veterinarian? Yeah. Do you remember anything
about him? Well, he was very colorful, sort of.
I've heard of this.
I don't remember the stories he used to tell, but he
was a very, very colorful person, and it was a
privilege to get to visit with him, or in groups
where he used to talk. When you were there, Bizzle
was president of A&M. Walton. Walton was
president of A&M, okay. Excuse me. Did you ever
have any dealings with him? I knew him and one of the
reasons that I knew him, my older brother married a
brown girl. her father was in the extension
service. Do you remember what his name was? Arms,
RMS. And he was a very close friend of Dr. Walter and
through some association there I got to know him
personally. I see. What type of man was he? I
thought he was very sort of quiet, sort of an
easygoing sort of person as far as I could tell. He
wasn't He wasn't high strung at all or anything
like that. He seemed like a very... I remember Dr.
Bolton too, the dean of engineering at that time.
Did you know him? Knew him very well, yes. What type
of individual was he? Well, he was... I would say a
little bit more of a stern person than Dr. Walton,
but there was nothing out of it. How did the
students feel about President Walton? Was he
generally supported by the students? As far as I
know, I don't know of any, I don't recall of anybody
being opposed to him in any way. After you
graduated from A&M, then where did you go? Well, I
came to Corpus Christi and I was joining my father
in business. My brother, who preceded me,
graduated two years ahead of me, but also. And from
there, those days, we traveled around. We had a job
in and say, Houston, well, I'd go and I'd live on the
job. And that's how I traveled around. I mostly
stayed on the coast where I was working. And I came
from Carpus. And from Carpus, I went up into
Missouria County. Did you have a lot to learn about
the construction business when you Well, I had
worked all the time. The fact is, from the time I can
remember, I had worked around construction and in
construction, so it was nothing new to me. Do you
feel that your degree in finance helped you also?
Yes, I took, most of my electives I took in the field
that I knew that I would be using, and I tried to more
or less give my staff a rounded education, and if I
had to do over again, if I knew I was going to do the
same thing, I don't know if I'd change it at all. So
you felt very well prepared. Yes, I did. So after
you came to Corpus, then you've really been here
all along. No, it was Carpus. I left here in 1936 and
went into Brazoria County and then from there into
Houston and the Anuag, Beaumont area. and back
into El Campo and then about the time they started
the WPA program and these counties had quite a bit
of work and I came back into the Corpus area. About
that time they started the Naval Air Station. And
we had all the work that we could handle right here
locally. And I was here until I went in the Army,
which I was called. I had my commission, and I was
called in the Army in September of 41. What unit
were you called into? I was called into automatic
weapons. In what division? Well, I wasn't in. I was
in a separate tag. I see. I see. And I got out of the
state of the service until February of 45. Mm-hmm.
Where were you assigned most of the time? Well, I
was in Africa, Sicily, and then Sicily and Italy I
was assigned to the support to the 1st Ranger
Battalion, General Darby's. Well, it was Colonel
Darby's then.
All of my overseas was in Africa, Sicily, and
Italy. I see. So then you saw quite a bit of combat.
Yes. And then after you left the service in 45, did
you come back to Corpus Christi? I had my home. In
fact, when I was called into service, at that time I
didn't own a home. But when war was declared, I
bought a home, put my family. I had a wife and two
children. I see. When were you married? I was
married in 1936. Could you give me your wife's
name? Yes, her name was Hazel Norville. See, from
where? Well, she was originally born in Russell
County, but I met her in Missouri County when she
was working for the county commissioner when I was
up there doing work, and I met her in Missouri
County. And could you tell us a little bit about
your life after the war? You said you had a house.
Well, I moved back here and more or less took up just
where I had left off. My brothers and father were
still running the business. So I tried to catch up
on any new methods or technology and so forth. It's
been the same ever since. Now you were appointed to
the board. Yes. By what government? Price
Daniels. Price Daniels. What year was this? 1961.
And you served how many years? Twelve years.
Twelve years. Could you tell us a little bit about
your experiences on the board? Yes, well actually
I think that's probably one of the most rewarding
experiences I've had and probably I was very
fortunate to be on the board during the time that I
was on because I think A&M had actually made the
great stride in both the growth student-wise and
academic-wise, too.
It was a very, very rewarding experience, and I
served as president of the board. General Rudder
there, president of the university, which was a
very good, experiencing time. Yes, I'll ask you in
a minute about some impressions of General
Rudder. He's sort of a special interest of mine.
Was President Morgan, was he president when you
came on the board? No, Tom Harrington was
president. All right, so Morgan, let's see,
Harrington. Harrington was chancellor and Earl
Rudder was... I see. Then Morgan and Hardy left by
that time. Yes. I was wondering if possibly you
knew some of the incidents. I knew him. You did. But
I've been pretty close to A&M ever since I've been
out of A&M. How did you stay active with A&M? I'm
curious. Was it through the former students?
Mostly it was through athletics. I've always And
then in the construction business, it seemed like
we were always the one that they would call and want
us to work with. And so we were, I've always had
several of the athletes working for me every
summer. I see, so you worked with many of the
coaches then? I worked, I knew practically every
coach from time, well the same coach that I was in
school with which I knew Coach Norton real well, he
was still coach there after he got out of the Army,
and then they hired Stidler, who was from Carpus.
He was a high school coach here at Carpus for a
while. I knew Harry Stidler very well. So if I was
from Coach Norton, I've known all the coaches
personally. Ask a personal question. You can
answer it or not. Who out of all that group
impressed you the most? Bear Bryant. Bear Bryant.
I think that was a stupid question. I can't. I think
he's just not even outstanding in anything. He's
just that type of person. I see. I think it's
interesting that you've been able to work with the
athletic department with so many
people. Were you saddened by Norton's leaving, or
do you think it was timely that he left? No, I knew
Norton very well and I think it was time that he
left. I think everything had changed and he hadn't
kept up with the changing times. He was a personal
friend of mine after he left as well as when he was
there.
Can you think of any of the others that impressed
you besides Brian? He's such an overwhelming
personality. Well, I think that Gene's talent was
probably, next to Brian, he was probably the most
knowledgeable in football, although he had
some traits that made it where he was in the head
coach, whether it was age or what, but I believe
that next to Brian, he probably, I thought, was
more football, smarter coach. and the rest of
them. Well, I think many people think that he is an
excellent coach and probably will do very well at
Dallas. Well, he probably will. I knew Ray
Jarrett, of course his job was more or less given to
him, going on account of the Steidler situation.
He was there, just able to accept it, and he was
probably a great assistant coach, but would not be
a good head coach, the same as several of them, like
Jim Meyer, probably. Maybe the greatest
assistant coach in the world, but just never could
be a head coach. Some people say that about
Stallings. Maybe time will tell. Well, I don't
know. He certainly knows what it's about. And have
you worked with him in Ballard? I've worked with
him in Ballard. I was on the group that interviewed
him before they hired him, and I've worked very
closely with him since he's been there. I see.
Well, let's get back to your board experiences.
Can you think of some of the major occurrences that
happened during your 12-year Yes, of course the
currency was when the compulsory military, it was
dropped, and which was, but it had to, almost had to
be on account of the way the Army and Air Corps
changed their, where they could have a two-year
program with the junior and senior year. The
coeducational
was brought about during the time of my board and
I'm real happy with the way it's worked out. I'm
sure that was a tremendous struggle and a change
too. Well, it was. Most all the board always felt
like they should be. coeducation on campus
without housing. That was the only real struggle
with the board. We didn't think anyone should be
deprived of an education because they were
female. And if they lived in Bryan, but their
parents were unable to afford to send them
somewhere else, it felt like they shouldn't be
able to do it. get their education. But the housing
was the only thing that was really, to me, was a
real, had a struggling decision. Was the board
pretty much divided on this issue? Very
definitely. It had been divided on both
co-education and housing. I see. Probably some
very strong feelings about some former students.
I can understand their situation. Yes, and we got
lots of mail. I'm sure you did. It was probably both
bad and good. It wasn't bad,
but we got to get. Yes. You say you have been pleased
with the way coeducation has worked. Yes, I am. Of
course, I'm not on the board now. I don't like to
dictate. I hope that they don't go into where they
start having the sorority. We've never had the
fraternities on the campus. I hope they don't, but
I imagine it will come in time. Maybe, maybe not. We
hope not. I think one thing that has been a problem
is the growth of the campus. They've grown so fast,
too fast really. Well, a thing that I also hope that
they don't change the curriculum just to fit the
female students. I think it ain't even one of the
things they ain't even always done. It's taught a
person a trade, a saleable trade, and it stayed
away from the education just to be educated, you
might say. In other words, I felt like a person went
to A&M, you could go hire him, he could do
something. And if they start changing the
curriculum to meet, to satisfy the female
student, then we may lose that. I think we're
losing off a lot over there. Do you feel University
of Boston should have a cut-off level that maybe we
shouldn't grow to be, say, as large as the
University of Boston? Well, I think it all... All
universities should have a cutoff at one take. In
other words, there's a point when you once reach it
that I think your efficiency just couldn't be
there. Now, it should be flexible. I don't think
you should say 20,000 and that's it. I mean, it
should be in a range of 19, 21. Try to keep it in the
way that you would do it by... entrance
examinators. How you do it, that's always been the
problem, where you cut it. And they've The
entrance in the veterinary medicine has always
been a real problem to the board. There's so many
little won't in there that say there's three or
four hundred that are qualified. They can pass any
test you give them, but you can only take 128. How do
you do this? And the board actually gets more
harassment. From that one thing, anything that
I've ever had, more people would call you,
including the governor.
And Dr. Price, I admire him for it. He had his
standards. He stayed by it, and nobody could turn
him. He went by the rules and regulated his own, and
I think he was good, but I just, I don't know how you
when you want to limit the enrollment to the to into
a school but just how they are limited now by
raising the entrance requirements and to have but
I don't think that you can say you know you can take
the one-fourths top fourths back I don't think you
can do that. What other problems can you find on the
field? Can you think of any others? No, of course I,
I wouldn't, I wouldn't think you could call it a
problem. Of course you always, you always had
things like the, what did they call it then? Well,
it's not the union, but they have some society that
they- AAUP, is that what it is? American
Association of University Professors. They
caused us a lot of bit of problem. That is, a lot of
headaches, you might say. Was this over the Gibbs
finding? Over the Gibbs, or that type of thing.
to me, who had been dealing with either union,
non-union, or construction work all my life, I
didn't see the
real threat that General Rudder and some of them,
they felt like they could leave a black mark on the
university and you couldn't hire the type of
professors you needed and after fooling with this
several years and finally we just said well we
can't satisfy them so forget them which we should
have done to start with and so That was the only real
thing. It was a tickly situation to deal with, not
knowing what, thinking you might hurt the
university, didn't want to hurt the university,
tell you what you're doing was wrong. Well, I would
say time has proved you right, probably, because
while we're still on their black list, if there is
such a thing, it hasn't hurt us. Well, most of the
universities that were on the blacklist tried to
get off and decided you can't get off and still run
the university, so they're staying on. The
University of Texas was on it for years.
How do you believe General Rutter handled the
university? I think General Rutter was probably
the best thing that ever happened to Texas A&M. He
was strictly an administrator. I don't think he
was an educator, but I think at A&M it was a period
right then that the need and demand of his status,
somebody that could just take the bull by the horn,
you might say, and be an administrator and get
enrolled in it. He did. Did you get to know him very
well? Oh, I knew him very well. He stayed at my home
many times. I knew him well before he was president
of the university. I
don't think any one man could have done any more
than he did. I think it ain't him as where he is today
due to General Rudder. Do you feel that he really
managed to keep A&M quiet during the period of the
60s when other campuses were in turmoil and
upheaval, were having their problems? A&M, while
they had problems, they never got out of hand.
Well, I think that he had quite a bit to do with it,
but I think that your student body had more to do
with it than he as an individual, because the type
of students you have, were not the type of students
that you would find in these liberal arts colleges
I referred to a while ago as people just being
educated to be educated. In other words, you're
educated, but you can't do anything. Well, that's
the type that seemed to be caught in all the
trouble, but the people they were learning,
trying to learn something, the saleable trade,
well, they didn't seem to have any trouble. Did
this ever come up at the board while this was going
on and campuses in California were burning, so to
speak? Yes, it came up to the board. In fact, there
were several times that the board got notices that
a certain agitator had caught a bus in a certain
city and headed out that way and he'd pick up a
brine. alertness of the Rangers and so forth, they
were picked up at the bus station and generally if
they had a weapon or something, I don't know what
they did, they had some reason to pick them up and
search them. So they were agitated, they tried to
move into it, but I think the general rudder did see
that the security was We had during the board, we
would get letters that there were going to be
protests marched on the board meetings, but they
never, none of them ever showed up. This should
have been gratifying to you anyway. Yes, it was.
The student body did not become overly agitated.
You said you knew General Rudder well. He was an
administrator. What kind of man was he personally
out of the boardroom? privately. He was great
company. He loved me around. He was a good
conversationalist. He was the type of person I
could spend the day with.
I see. Do you feel that If A&M has any great
weaknesses or if we've had any failures over the
years while you were associated with the board,
maybe a missed opportunity, something we could
have done and didn't? Oh, yes, you always, you'll
have those, but I don't think that they had any
missed opportunities that are actually set them
back. I think it was some opportunities that we
probably could have taken and we probably may be a
little bit further ahead, but I don't believe we
had a missing opportunity to set us back.
Lots of times it's on whether you have the money to
do this or not. Of course, I think money has made a
great difference to the school. We're getting a
little
more now. I think we were slow getting the
psychotron just because money situation. We
should have had it several years before we did, and
I don't believe it set us back any. We should have
had the engineering building. Well, the first
board meeting I attended, the A&M, when I was sworn
in, the board approved the plans of the
engineering building. What's now the Zachary
Building. Zachary Building. And I was on the board
12 years. I think it was built in my eleventh year.
So it's over for some things we drug our feet on or
some things we shouldn't have drug our feet on and
that's going to happen in anything like that. Who
out of all the members of the board that you served
with impressed you? Well, we had some very great
men on the board. Dr. Boyle was a fine man. Sir
Gardner Simon was a fine man. L.F. Peterson, a very
dedicated board member. But you served with
people that were corporate heads like Gardner
Simon and Dr. Boyle. They never missed your
meeting. They were just dedicated and it was
really gratifying to serve on the board with that
type of people. What do you think were some of the
greatest successes of the board?
Well, I don't really, I really don't know how to
answer that question. So weighty problems that
you managed to finally solve where there might
have been great division?
Well, I don't, I don't really believe we had those
type of problems because actually the board seem
to be pretty well dedicated to trying to do the same
thing. There would be lots of arguments or
conversation about how to do things, but
generally they were all worked out. I don't know of
any problem we had
that really confronted the court, where it might
have divided the court. You were on the board when
Rutter was selected as president. Yes. Was he the
first choice? Oh, yes. There never was any other
thought about
anybody else? No. Then you were on the board when
they also selected Jack Williams. Yes. And he is an
educator, probably, more than an administrator.
In fact, I'm the one who recommended Jack
Williams. Really, I talked to Earl Rudder prior to
Earl's death. In fact, it was back in about
October. At that time, Bulwer felt like General
Rudder needed some help. And we were wanting him to
get somebody to work with him and to help him. And we
had had talked about, he and I had talked about Jack
Williams, and we had called him, telephoned, and
he had had a meeting set up to talk to Dr. Williams
about Bing coming in there as the body of Fred, but
that meeting never took place. stroke that he had.
Where did you know Dr. Williams from? By
reputation or personally? No, I knew Dr.
Williams, I was the president of the A&M board when
he was over at the coordinating board. And I got to,
he spent quite a bit of time at A&M. I'd see him up
there quite often and he always told me he liked
A&M, he liked to come there, this is where things
are happening and this campus is so much different
than the rest of it. He liked me like he liked it. He
was making a talk down in Carpus
after General Rudder's death. I called him on the
phone and asked him if he would allow me to put his
hat in the ring for the selection of the President
and he said he just didn't know anything he liked
better and so I did suggest him and we talked to
quite a few people and but I think that that
everybody's happy I know that I'm just
particularly there that he's there and I believe
it that it was time and he moved in it's time that we
needed an educator and we'd gone through the
building stage to what Rudder had brought us and
then an educator moving in is what we need an
academic man there now. And of course he's done an
excellent job. He's done an outstanding job. Do
you have anything coming on where the Corps of
Cadets is going now? It's considerably different
than when you were in school there. Well, of course
it's different than when I was in school, but it's
as large as all the school within it, and I think
that if I was a youngster going to A&M today, I would
get in the cadet corps. I don't understand, of
course I'm not that age anymore, To me, everybody,
well, cadet corps is still a symbol of A&M. It's the
image. I know it's a discipline that some of them
don't want, but to me, that discipline is just as
much a part of education.
I hope it comes back. I just do. You know, next year
we're going to have girls in the Corps. Well, I
think that's... My father always said that they
ought to have a wax up there. He was always for that.
So I think as long as they're going to have the girls
or ladies in the services, I think they should have
them in the Corps. I don't know that they'll mix
them. I imagine they'll have their own... Oh, yes.
I understand the way they're going to do it is
they're going to have the first year their
officers will be males who are in the Corps now, and
then they'll turn loose on their own after they've
got them indoctrinated into the ways and policies
and traditions. It should work out well.
Can you think of anything else off the board? I
don't want to miss anything, and yet, not having
been there, I'm not sure what to ask. Of course I
was, I spent most of my time on the board as the
chairman of the building committee and due to my
experience, I'm sure that's the reason they
selected me for, and I was It was very gratifying to
me that I think if I did add anything to it on the
board, that's probably where I made my
contribution. We built lots of buildings up there
we didn't think we ever could build or would build.
I think the rudder complex would be a compliment to
any university, any campus. I don't know of anyone
that had anything like it. I'm glad to see it named
that because it was actually Earl Rudder's dream.
That was what he wanted.
We worked out a way to build it for him. Could you
tell us a little bit more about your building
experiences on the board? What problems you had?
Maybe funding? No, we didn't really have any
problem with the building. I think we were very
fortunate in our architect and engineer
selection. They just carried a job out, just
magnificent. We had an organization there, and
due to Earl Rutter's administration, and being an
administrator, he set up an organization to
handle this building. And they handled it, and
they handled it fine. So having trouble with
finance? No, we didn't. A&M, of course, with the
permanent university fund, which I guess you're
familiar with, they were to sell the bombs. I'd
say trouble, they do on dormitories, they'd have
revenue financing. There is some trouble, but it
was never a problem that we couldn't solve. Well, I
just wondered because for years, money and A&M,
And that's the main problem, just never had
enough. Well, there's money, they still don't
have enough, but for your essential needs, they
can find it. You don't have enough to spread out
everywhere. No, no, not like some people have. I
don't think they'll ever have it again.
Oh, let me see if there's anything else I can ask
you.
Do you have any one accomplishment that you feel
particularly
proud about? You mean on the board or in any... In
your lifetime. No, I can't say that I have. I think
it... I try to serve my community in all the
different civic things. I try to give a certain
amount of my time to the civic things, and I guess I
can't say that anyone stands out. I think you're
being too modest. There has to be something.
Well, I certainly appreciate it.